Feature/vonk 5238 restructure security docs (#336)
FirelyTeam/firely-docs-firely-server: security/accesscontrol.rst

2. Configure Firely Server which character is used in Step 1, then Firely Server will generate a proper `SMART on FHIR scope <http://www.hl7.org/fhir/smart-app-launch/scopes-and-launch-context.html>`_ and handle the request further. This can be configured via setting ``AccessTokenScopeReplace``. 

For the first step above, instead of requesting different scopes in the user application, you can deploy `SMART on FHIR AAD Proxy <https://github.com/azure-smart-health/smart-on-fhir-aad-proxy>`_ to Azure, which helps you to replace ``/`` to ``-`` in a SMART scope when you request your access token.

> The other option would be to follow `Quickstart: Deploy Azure API for FHIR using Azure portal <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/healthcare-apis/azure-api-for-fhir/fhir-paas-portal-quickstart>`_, check "SMART on FHIR proxy" box in the "Additional settings" and use the proxy by following `Tutorial: Azure Active Directory SMART on FHIR proxy <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/healthcare-apis/azure-api-for-fhir/use-smart-on-fhir-proxy>`_.

Reviewer: The page of Microsoft is updated as follows

```suggestion
The other option would be to follow `Quickstart: Deploy Azure API for FHIR using Azure portal <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/healthcare-apis/azure-api-for-fhir/fhir-paas-portal-quickstart>`_, check "SMART on FHIR proxy" box in the "Additional settings" and use the proxy by following `Quickstart: Deploy Azure API for FHIR using Azure portal <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/healthcare-apis/azure-api-for-fhir/fhir-paas-portal-quickstart>`_.
```

.. warning:: 

>   When you use the SMART on FHIR AAD Proxy, be careful with `SMART on FHIR v2 scopes <http://hl7.org/fhir/smart-app-launch/STU2/scopes-and-launch-context.html>`_.  ``-`` is an allowed character within the access scope (see examples below). 

Author: It's hard-coded in the Azure proxy. See https://github.com/azure-smart-health/smart-on-fhir-aad-proxy/blob/42c190f274f0ab5704aa6dff34f8116d98795c7a/Controllers/AADController.cs#L83

      :Type-Access: User must have write access *and* read access to Patient, otherwise a 401 is returned.
      :Compartment: User should be allowed to Read Patient/123 and Create the Patient provided in the body. Then Update is allowed.

   #. Update on a type related to compartment

      :Request: ``PUT [base]/Observation/xyz``
      :Type-Access: User must have write access to Observation, and read access to both Observation and Patient (the latter to evaluate the compartment)
      :Compartment: User should be allowed to Read Observation/123 and Create the Observation provided in the body. Then Update is allowed.

#. Delete: Allowed if the user can Read the current version of the resource, and has write access to the type of resource.
#. History: Allowed on the resources that the user is allowed to Read the current versions of (although it is theoretically possible that an older version would not match the compartment). 

.. note:: A conditional create, update or delete (see the `FHIR http specification <https://hl7.org/fhir/http.html>`_), requires read permissions on the condition. Therefore, ``user/*.write`` will usually require additional ``read`` scopes.

> Testing

Reviewer: This section is removed and I cannot find it anywhere else, is it intentional?

Author: Yes, the Firely Auth section has a testing section already.
